TOMLAB WORLD WIDE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Pursuant to this Agreement, you may (a) use the programs on a single
computer, if your license is a single user license (b) use the
programs on multiple computers, as defined by the license file. (c)
copy the programs onto any computer in readable or printed form for
back-up or modification purposes in support of your use of the
programs. (d) modify the programs and/or merge them into another
program for your use on the computers defined by your license file.

Any portion of these programs merged into another program will
continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. You may not transfer any part of this software to third
part.

You may not use, copy, modify, disassemble, decompile, reverse
engineer or transfer the programs or any copy, modification, or merged
portion, in whole or in part, except as expressly provided for this
Agreement. If you transfer possession of any copy, modification or
merged portion of the program to another party, your license is
automatically terminated.

COPYRIGHT

All intellectual property rights in the TOMLAB Optimization Environment
and user documentation are owned by Tomlab Optimization AB or its
suppliers and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws
and international treaty provisions. Tomlab Optimization AB and its
suppliers retain all rights not expressly granted.

TERM

The license is effective unless rejected or until terminated. The
license is terminated if you fail to comply with any term or condition
of this Agreement. You agree upon such termination to destroy the
programs together with all copies, modifications and merged portions
in any form.

LIMITED WARRANTY AND REMEDIES

The software is normally distributed using Internet downloads and
licenses sent by attached E-mail. Tomlab Optimization AB warrants that
the user will receive error free copies of the software and license,
and will replace any damaged files by use of available media. Except
as expressly set forth above, no other warranties, either express or
implied, are made with respect to these programs, including but not
limited to the implied warranties of merchant ability and fitness for
a particular purpose and Tomlab Optimization AB and its suppliers
expressly disclaim all warranties not stated herein. You assume the
entire risk as to the quality, use and performance of the
programs. Should the programs prove defective, you - and not Tomlab
Optimization AB or its suppliers or an authorized reseller - assume
the entire cost of necessary servicing, repair or correction.

Your sole remedies and the entire liability of Tomlab Optimization AB
and its suppliers are set forth above. In no event will Tomlab
Optimization AB and its suppliers be liable to you or any other person
for any damage, including any incidental or consequential damages,
expenses, lost profits, lost savings or other damages arising out of
use of or inability to use such programs.

GENERAL

You may not sublicense, assign or transfer the license or any programs
except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Any attempt to
otherwise sublicense, assign, or transfer any of the rights, duties or
obligations hereunder is null and void. This Agreement will be
governed by the laws of Sweden.

EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS

The right to use the programs for commercial purposes is expressly
excluded.

MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT

During any paid maintenance and support period, Tomlab Optimization AB
shall: deliver license files that works for the set of users and
machines defined by the license, and license files working for any new
releases of the programs; through Internet downloads deliver
subsequent releases of the programs which are not charged for
separately; exert reasonable efforts to both (a) provide workarounds
for any material programming errors in the current release of the
program which are directly attributable to Tomlab Optimization AB
within reasonable time, and (b) correct such errors in the next
available release, provided Licensee provides Tomlab Optimization AB
with sufficient information to identify the problems. During this same
paid maintenance and support subscription period, Licensee shall also
be entitled to receive technical support by electronic mail, telephone
and telefax regarding the installation and/or use of the licensed
programs and their interaction with hardware, operating environments,
and other software products. Tomlab Optimization AB reserves the
option to discontinue offering maintenance and support descriptions
for any program or platform.

TERMINATION OF MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT

Tomlab Optimization AB may terminate this license grant, by written or
electronic mail notice to Licensee if Licensee breaches any
material term of this license, including failure to pay any license
fees due, and Licensee has not cured such breach within (60) days of
written notification. Licensee may terminate this license at any time,
for any reason. Licensee shall not be entitled to any refund if this
license is terminated.

You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement, understand it, and
agree to be bound by its terms and conditions; You further agree it is
the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between us that
supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written and any
other communications between us relating to this subject matter of
this Agreement.